Emery support (#20)
pebble-dev/bobby-assistant: app/resources/text/changelog/1.5.txt

# New Features
Bobby has been updated! We have some new features:
## Support for Content Size
Bobby will now follow the same scale setting as your system notifications! You can change the scale in Settings -> Notiications -> Text Size.
## Native Emery resolution

> With new hardware comes new Bobby! The interface has been adapted to work with new Emery hardware, to make it easier and more pleasant to use your favourite assistant on it.

Reviewer: Emery is a platform name that should not be presented to users.  We should use its real name.

```suggestion
With new hardware comes new Bobby! The interface has been adapted to work with new Core Time 2 hardware, to make it easier and more pleasant to use your favourite assistant on it.
```

Author: Done, also in the title of the section
